Mary has had a protected childhood. She was raised as a Christian girl, who needs to be good and wants to be good. But after a party, and a drunken swipe. She meets Veronica, the stereotypical “bad girl”. Mary did not expect herself to fall hard for a person like her… She did not even expect to fall for a girl. Her life takes an unexpected turn after she meets Veronica…. She grows as a person, and Veronica introduces her to her lifestyle. 

Veronica has an extraordinary lifestyle. She likes to control, to be dominant. But when she meets Mary something changes. 

Chapter One

04:24
I wake up, Exhausted from the party from yesterday. I can’t remember anything; It is all an distant memory. The last thing I remembered is when someone suggested to sit outside and play beer pong.
Not knowing the time. I looked over at my desk. I let a slight sigh when I saw the time.
04:27
Whilst playing with my phone, I sleep drunk decided to start up Tinder. Just curious. Just bored. But maybe it was more. Last night, there were a lot of couples at that party, what if I could find someone like that? Someone who loved me for who I was? Someone to kiss me…. 
I sighed and started swiping, 
“Boring”,
”What the fuck is the bio”,
”SHIT”.
*MATCH*
 
WHAT. THE. HELL. 
Slowly a few memories came back. One thing I remembered from yesterday: James decided to steal my phone (again). He went through some things. I could not see what it was. I dammed myself. I should not get this drunk again. I should never drink again. 
But now I’m looking at my dating profile. I realised what he did...He ruined my life. Because he set Tinder to both genders. Instead of being only interested in guys. I’m now also interested in girls. At least ACCORDING TO TINDER. I have to murder him. 

I matched with a girl called Veronica. I glared at her profile. She looked like she would kick my ass if I did her wrong. Her long brown hair was kinda curly. I wish I had hair like that. To be honest. She had big brown eyes that, even on a photograph, had a kind of warmth in them. Her lips were full. And her make up was spotless. 
On the first picture, she was wearing a short red dress. My parents would kill me if I wear something like that. She was laughing in the picture and she had a drink in her hand. 
In the next picture, she had a black dress on… and a fishnet panty. 
She looks kinda cute. Hot even…. I decide. And I am immediately disturbed because I am thinking this way.
I started to distrust everything I thought I knew about myself. I started to ask questions about myself.
Questions about what I am. Who I was. ‘Have I lied to myself all this time? Am I… gay? Bisexual? And wouldn’t that be a sin?’,’ What will my friends think?’.
I am not gay. I decided. I could not be. 
Looked through her pictures once more. She looked like fun. A bit crazy. She sure knows how to have a good time. And she was gorgeous too... I could be friends with her I thought.

I fell asleep whilst deciding if I should send her a message.

08:23

I waked up. For real this time. I was actually quite on time and completed my morning schedule as if nothing happened. I had no hangover, surprisingly. I don’t know
It was a surprisingly good Monday. I smiled thinking about yesterday and last night. It had been an enjoyable night. 

I started my dreaded commute. The same fucking road over and over again, playing the same music, seeing the same people on their route. It was always the same. Nothing exciting ever happened. Well, James parties were always a bit insane. 

I’m normally not the girl who drinks to much. I am more like: The girl who scores an A on all of her tests. The girl who volunteers at the animal shelter. The girl who went to church and obeyed her parents.

But last night… It went a little bit too far. James always does this to me. He let me do stupid stuff. Things I usually never do. My parents would kill me if they knew…. 


09:26

I arrived right on time at school. Nobody saw anything different about me. No one spoke to me. That is no difference. I am kinda shy after all. I have a few friends, like James. 
But I felt different than before.. Nobody around me knew what happened this morning. And to be honest, I was confused as hell. James was nowhere to be found. Probably laying in bed with a hangover. I knew this would happen, but well.. I still feel kinda lonely without him.

I’ve known James for a while now. He once saved me from a group of bullies, and now we are best friends. I love him. I would do anything for him. And he would do the same for me. EXCEPT SHOWING UP FOR CLASS. 

Class started. And the teacher said we could do our homework at this time. Nobody did. Everybody was staring at their laptop screens. Browsing social media, playing on the phone. And to be honest I did the same. I am a good student. I really am, but I don’t always do everything the teacher said. 

My phone vibrated.  

-----
Chapter Two

James is finally up. At least, that was my first thought. He is the only one who normally texts me. 

I looked at my phone from behind my textbook. 

*Message from Veronica*

I was weirdly excited. I was panicking. I have texted before of course. But with girls? How does texting with a girl even work? All guys always sent the same garbage. I’ve been on dates with guys, but nothing serious….  But this was new. Exciting. Scary even. I go through my blonde hair nervously. 

Why am I overthinking this? I should just open the message and so I did…

“Hey! What would be the perfect first date be?

AH… What should I answer? I don’t date that much, I don’t know how flirting works, and how I should act and what to say. 

"Hey! I can't really decide but being with someone who really cares is nice" 

She imminently responded:  

“Good answer… Kinda standard, but I will let it slip ;) mhm, what has been your best date?”

After a short time of thinking, I answered with: 

"My best date would have that one time I went with this guy to the arcade hall, I liked the place, not the guy. What was your best date?”

"That sounds so cool! I hope I am your type ;) Uh, my best date has been the time I went to the karaoke bar.” She texted

We chatted for 2 hours straight now…I can’t think of someone or something else right now...
She is so nice to me. Like nobody ever was. There is something mysterious about her.
I want to tell James about her. I really do. But I am scared. He did set my profile to that…. 

But what if he would judge me? Or even worse... Tell my parents?

Before I knew it, school ended. I agreed to meet Veronica before I even thought about it. She was so easy and fun to talk to. Tomorrow after school. I wanted to ask James if it would be a wise decision. BUT HE DID NOT SHOW UP. 
Look, James has been my best friend for like… 7 years now? And he is a good friend. But I will still murder him. He is kinda different than I am. He is happier. Hyperactive even. Talented. But a weirdo. And he always bails on me after a party. I might need to call him… But I hate calling.

*The next day*

I woke up. I was nervous. I was walking with this big secret. And nobody knows… And the person I wanted to tell. WASN’T THERE FOR ME. He had been totally afk yesterday. And I kinda missed him...

I arrived at school. James was there. FINALLY. I walked up to him. Hugged him. He looked surprised at my sudden show of affection. Most of the time, I am kinda reserved with showing affection. Always scared people would talk about me. So don't give them a reason to talk. I pulled him with me, to an empty school hall. Feeling insecure, not knowing what to say.

“Hey Mary, What is all this about? Do you need to tell me something?” he asked right away. He always went straight to the point.

I stammered. I could not find the words… I needed to tell him. I wanted to. I really did. Just did not know how.

“Mary, You can tell me anything you want.. You know that right?”

A simple “Yes” escaped my mouth.

He soothed me with his look. His kindness. He really is my best friend.

“So James at your party, you did something with my phone” I just stared

“Ah yes I fucked around with your profile, I am sorry”

“You should be sorry, you silly. I kick your butt later on.” I smiled. “But first I need to tell you something”

“WHAT IS IT? Are you okay? You look scared! Did someone hurt you? Do I need to punch someone?” I grinned at the idea of James punching someone. James is tall. But he is also kinda gawky. So him punching someone would be the funniest thing I have ever seen. 

I just blurted out “Okay don’t be mad. I would have told you sooner if you were AT SCHOOL YESTERDAY. You know? But I sort of...had a match with someone, I am gonna meet after school” I took a deep breath after I rambled all of this. 

Please don’t be mad James. I prayed. 

He looked at me, calming me with his big blue eyes. In some ways, he was like a puppy. His brown curls and his eyes gave him sort of a cute look. You never stay mad at him for long. You just couldn’t. “You can always tell me that, you weirdo. Just be safe. Men are the worst sometimes. Call me if you need me"

I took a deep breath. “But James. You don’t understand. I know I can tell you if I have a date. But… but… but... IT'S NOT WITH A MAN”

James just hugged me. “I'm so happy for you, You’re gonna rock her world!”


And then he walked away. He did not even seem surprised at all. 
Still standing in the hallway. Surprised with his reaction. 
James turned around and yelled:"The dress you are wearing is really cute. I like it! You look very… innocent and daring at the same time" and he winked. 
I was wearing my little black dress. I always felt pretty when wearing it. It made me look paler than I was, but that was okay. It made my female form more…. Visible than my usual shirts and jeans. I liked the dress. I just did not like… being watched. I feel people watching me now. Thanks to you James.


That's it. I'm gonna murder him. And I ran after him to punch him.


Chapter Three
(mogelijke  titels: The kiss, “What's the naughtiest thing you ever done?”)

Nervously, I waited in front of the library. I was sitting on a bench in front. Trying to read my book, but could not concentrate. Veronica wanted to pick me up from school, but I was not ready for that. I did not want people to ask questions about us… if there even is an us. So I asked her to pick me up at the library. She said she would come and get me with her bike?
I was confused because she would come on her bicycle? And cycle the whole way?

And suddenly. A lot of noise came this way. A red motorbike came directly towards me.

She stopped. Right in front of me. She passed a helmet. I almost dropped it. She smiled and said 'Hop on' I simply obeyed. It's not like I had another choice. And weirdly I didn't feel unsafe. I’ve never been on a motorbike before. I should text James where we were going through. 

We ride through the woods. We chatted about how we liked nature and how pure it is. Suddenly she stopped the motor. We were in the middle of the woods. 

I stepped off her bike. She took off her helmet, her long brown hair fell over her shoulders. She was wearing red lipstick. Red as blood. She was beautiful. Dammit. I gave her the helmet. She signed we should walk. I just obeyed, in some way it felt natural that to surrender to her. I did not mind. I liked it  when she told me what to do. I did not feel awkward because of it. It just felt right.  

We started to walk, meanwhile during we were talking about our hobbies. She did many dangerous things I didn't do. Like the time she went bungee jumping. She was so different than me. I loved listening to her stories, she made it look easy to be daring, to be brave. She seemed interested in me, asked me things about myself . But I felt boring next to her. 

"What's the naughtiest thing you ever done?" She suddenly asked me softly, but it was weirdly… erotic? Dirty? I felt ashamed for having these thoughts.

My brain worked hard on something cool. To impress this amazing daring girl…. But my mind kept circling back to this. This moment. Being with someone I have known for a day. All alone in the woods. My parents think I am with James.
So I gave her an honest answer. 

She laughed. "You are so cute. So innocent and pure. I like it…." 
I blushed. The was a little while of silence, because I wasn't used to people talked to me like this. I did not know what to response.

"What is the naughtiest thing you ever did then?" I blurted out. And I became ever more red. It was probably really cool, unlike me. She smiled.

------
Veronica pov

Should I even tell her that? Should I say it was that time I used drugs? I think that's the safe answer… But I feel like I should be honest with this girl.. I just don't want to scare her off.

I smiled. ¨Well Mary, I am afraid… I will scare you off…" And for some reason. I don't want to scare her off. Mostly I have these dates to get easily laid. Girls who wanted to live their "bicurious" dreams one time. Before ditching me. The last time I was in a serious committed relationship. It did not end well. But screw that. 
I did not expect this girl to be as shy, she blushes a lot. She does not even curse, unlike me. 
I actually like this girl, I suppose. She is different than the girls I usually go out with. I bet she doesn't have much experience as well.
Maybe I could get her that experience…. 
Do not get ahead of yourself Veronica. Give the girl time. You don't even know if she even likes you. She is so pure… so shy…., probably not into the same things you are. 
I wish she was tho. The things I would do with her…. The dress she is wearing is driving me crazy. She would look beautiful down on her knees before me. Looking up with those big blue-green eyes. She would beg me to hold her and for me to fu-

"Veronica?" Mary spoke with a soft voice as she looked at me worried. "Did… did… I say anything wrong?" I've been silent for a while. 
I want to kiss this girl. Now she is watching at me scared…. I just want this girl so badly. I want to slam her against one of these trees and kiss her. Hard. 

When she agreed to meet me, I was surprised. She did not seem like a type who would go on a date with a type like me. She seemed sweet. Not out for sex. She seemed to genuinely be interested in me. 

So I kissed her.
-----

My hands went to her blond hair. I pushed her against the tree, as I imagined. 

Mary softly moaned. Fuck. It made me wild. 
Her hands went through my hair. I almost slowly pulled her hair. I contained myself, but it was hard. So FUCKING hard. She kissed wilder than I thought she would. 

I stopped, looked at her beautiful eyes. They were full of passion. We continued. I asked myself if she really were as innocent as she said. 

My mind zoomed out and saw what I always wanted. Real passion. I kissed her again, couldn’t contain myself. I slowly pulled her hair. She moaned again, louder now. Held her in my grip. She didn't push back. She seemed to like it. 

It dawned on me. I really kissed her. Yes, I have kissed plenty of girls. But this…. Was different. Her lips were so soft. And her soft moans drove me wild. I grabbed her hips to pull her closer towards me.

Mary's pov


I was with Veronica. Her kisses made me crazy. I had kissed before. But not like this. Never like this. It made me feel hot. It made me feel good. It made me feel safe. It made me feel scared. She kissed me hard, and I could not help to moan. It was… like a whole new world had opened. I felt small next to her. She had done so much stuff, was I anything for her? Anyone? I like spending my time with her. Shall I ask for a future date? She kept kissing me, and my thoughts faded.

And just then I heard my phone pinged, I was shocked. afraid it would be my parents. I looked at it. I apologise to Veronica at the same time.

James:¨Having a fun time? It's getting late :P¨

He was right. I should get back. I don't want to. I looked at Veronica. I was feeling guilty.
Í stammered ¨Veronica…. I am so.. so.. sorry… but I should get back to my parents¨

She looked disappointed. I tried to make it up with her. 

¨Do you want to meet me….I don't know… again?¨ I asked nervously.

¨Tomorrow, eight o'clock at the library¨ She said it like I had no choice.

I simply agreed. Nodded. She smiled at me.

We walked back to her motorcycle. She grabbed my hand. Looked at me, her gaze was kind, not judging. I smiled at her, I did not expect to feel this safe with a stranger. Now the walk back with her was even more fun. We walked in silence. I felt safe. I felt like me.

Chapter Four

I got home past curfew. I tried to sneak in as quietly as possible. My parents would not be amused. I expected them sitting there. On the couch. Ready for an endless tirade. 
At the backdoor, I let my keys slip. I felt like I dropped a thousand keys at the same time. I looked up to window of my parents. The light stayed off. I prayed shortly. Thanked God.

I opened the door. A dark living room appeared behind the door. On the table was laying a note. I decided not to look at it. Got rid of my shoes. Sneaked on my socks upstairs.

I sneaked into my room. I made it. I sat down on my bed. Got ready for sleep. Thanked God that this sneaking went successfully.For a change. It was like God was on my side. 

As I was laying in my bed. I felt warm, even though I was only wearing my white nightgown and my briefs. I looked at the time and was surprised to find out  it was already 4.00. My mind kept wondering what would have happened if James had not texted me. Her lips and touch drove me insane. I could not think about anything else. I wanted Veronica. I really did.
So I'm gay. I thought. That's a sin. 
It did not feel like a sin tho. When she pulled my hair and pressed her lips into mine, it felt right. So right…. How is something that feels so right wrong? I wondered.
Her lips so warm. Her touching my hips… slowly moving down… her body pressed against mine. What if she would not have stopped? I desired her. I wanted her to touch me. Lower, and in other ways.
What happens tomorrow? She said nothing about what we were gonna do. I was feeling excited and nervous at the same time. Before I knew what I was doing my hand went down my body. Lower, slowly. I knew this was wrong, but I could not contain myself. Before I realised this was wrong. That I should pray and ban these thoughts. I touched myself. A small whimper escaped my mouth. This is wrong. My mind said. But I wanted it. So badly 

Suddenly my phone vibrated. 

“Hey. You up?”

It was Veronica. 

08:30

¨MARY WHERE WERE YOU¨ My dad shouted annoyed. 

I kept silence. Pretending to be asleep. I tried pulling myself together. Thinking about an excuse. He stormed into my room. 

¨MARY THIS THE LAST TIME THIS HAPPENS!¨

I just kept quiet. Pretending to be asleep.

"I know you ain't sleeping."

I started talking. Slowly. Barely hearable.

"Sorry…… It was….. all… James… his… fault… the time…. slipped...Sorry...Sorry"

I stammered. Avoided my dad’s eyes. Looked down at my feet.

¨Mary, Get ready for school. You are already late. We will talk about this…... later."


I arrived at school. Started looking for James. He was not at the bicycle racks. Not in the main hall. He was not here?

I texted him. Apparently he was late. Of course he was. I waited. He should be there at the first break.

English was boring. Same old boring. I thought about Veronica. And cursed at James for not being on time. When I need him the most…..

¨HEY NICE DRESS! YES YOU!¨ Everyone was watching me. 

Dammit James. Why?

I gave him my most passive aggressive smile. But my eyes shouted. I want to tell you something. NOW.

The bell rang

I walked up to him. We walked to a small study room.

He started a flood of questions. He drowned me in them. 

¨How was it?” He asked, carefully. 

“Good” I answered, and I smiled.
“Wait…. I know that smile…. YOU KISSED HER!”

I just smiled and blushed a bit. 
“Is she hot? She kissed well? Was she nice to you?¨

With every ¨Yes¨ from me he smiled more.

And I haven't told James to best thing….. She wanted to meet again. Tonight!
My mind suddenly flashed to want happened this morning. I wish I could forget about what dad said.

¨Mary, What’s wrong? You looked so happy? And now… You look scared¨ He sudden looked worried. My sweet James. He would always support me, no matter what. 

James did love to tease me with my love life. Maybe because he has no love life. 

I said ¨My…. dad… he…. was…..angry...again….I...said.. it.. was your.. fault¨

¨What was my fault? And don´t think to much about your dad. I will punch him!¨ He hugged me so hard. I laughed at him punching my dad. Like that would ever happen. My dad is like, the standard dad. Not talking about his emotions. Intimidating. 
My mom is scared of him. She never spoke about it. But I know she is. 

I saw James thinking, he would not say what he was thinking. He said "I am going to help you out of this." 
I patiently waited. "Wait I know something-HOMEWORK" 
I was shocked. I am the one that sometimes enjoys homework. Not that I was a nerd. But James was the exact opposite. So I was confused and asked:  "Since when you are so excited about homework James?" 

He rolled his eyes at me. "Well, you want your date right? Tonight, I mean. If I tell your parents about a group assessment we have… you would be able to go…" 

I realized it was genius. My parents love if I make homework. They want me to score well. They gonna let me make my 'homework' with James. There would be no scenario where they can't stop me making my homework. 

I went home with James after school. 

His parents greeted me like I was their own child. It was nice for a change, they even asked me about my day. 
Chapter Five
19:56
I was standing outside the library. Hoping my parents could not see me in these clothes.
I was wearing a blue dress I borrowed from James his sister. You could say it accented… my body to be… more… revealing… daring… I normally don't wear revealing things. You could see my female form in this dress. In short my parents would kill me.
I heard her bike. It sounded like music in my ears. I remembered that yesterday I was scared of that sound. How fast feelings about a simple sound can change. How easy all things can change….

"You ready?" Veronica asked me. I nodded. 

We stepped on her bike. We rode somewhere I didn’t know. I wanted to ask her. I didn’t.
She drove very fast. I was pretty sure she did not keep herself to the speed limit. I set it of my mind. The speed limit was after all the thing I was least worried about. I was wondering where we would go. She did not tell me.
After a few sharp turns and streets I never have been. We had arrived at an apartment building.

She opened the door with a keycard. We stood in an empty hall. It looked futuristic. Clean. Modern. Different from the rest of the village. “It looks nice here” I said smiling. I received one of her nicest smiles back. She walked over to the elevator. I followed. 
She pressed the button for 9th floor. It was a 10 storeys building.
I looked nervously in the elevators mirror. Veronica went with her soft touch through my hair.She smiled. I smiled….

She pushed me against to the metal caging of the elevator. She kissed me. I let a moan slip through my lips. Her lips pushed against mine again. My hands rested on her hips now. Her skin was warm, and it felt amazing to kiss this girl. I still did not know what to do with the fact that I was gay. But in this moment… It just felt right.
Her hands went through my hair. Slightly pulling again. Damn. That felt so good. Better I moaned harder. She was touching me now. In…. other… places too now. She slowly went to my neck, to my hips. It felt so much like I imagined. She kissed my neck now. Her hand slit up towards my stomach. I wanted her to touch my breasts. I really did… I moaned again and… 
The elevator stopped suddenly. And in that moment I realised where I was. I looked at the floor sign. Floor Seven.
Pushing myself away from Veronica and trying to look decent in like 5 sec, not wanting to get caught, I felt weirdly… aroused. 
A man somewhere in his twenties stepped in. He was very attractive. He had big green eyes. Dark hair. He looked like he just walked out of an magazine. 
“Hey Veronica" he went silent for a bit "new girlfriend I see?” He said it as if it was no deal at all. "New girlfriend". Does that mean she has a lot of girls over? I smiled awkwardly. Not letting her notice how hurt I felt.

“Alex this is Mary, Mary this is Alex. He is my downstairs neighbour.” Veronica said excitedly. She seemed to be good friends with Alex. We arrived at Veronica’s floor. We stepped out. And as the elevator ascended down again Veronica winked at me. I blushed and she started laughing 

It was cold up here. 
I commented on the nice view on the rest of the village from up here.
We walked hand in hand over to the other side. Arriving at room 505, Veronica pulled her fancy keycard once again. She stepped in what I thought to be her apartment. It looked modern. I liked her style.

"Welcome to mi Casa." And she grabbed my hand.

Then I noticed. She had one cat. A black haired one. She slowly approached me. It started to nuzzle me. For as long as I remembered I wanted to have a pet. But my mom said no, Because my dad said no. 

I felt awkward about the elevator. So I did not know If I should bring it up again.


I was sitting on her purple couch.She was kind of eccentric. “Hey cutie,Want a drink?” Shouted Veronica from her kitchen. I blushed. I said “Yes, okay... I usually don’t drink but for you I will make an exception” I said, a bit ashamed.
“Oh Mary.. she purred "You are so innocent.. So cute…” Veronica said blushing. She was red like a tomato. She sat down on her couch. Close to me. She handed me my drink “Special for you” She said smoothly. I wanted her, that soft voice was so… damn. My hand went to her hand. Slowly touching her hand. In one hand We held hands on her couch, in one hand I had a drink. Veronica stammered “Okay… listen to me please." She fell silent, as she looked nervous. "Mary I usually don't say these kind of things…. but …..I feel special with you….I-I-I want… you.” I blushed. No I was like a volcano.
 
I was silent. Not knowing what to say. I looked at her beautiful eyes. They looked more worried every second. I realized I have not answer her question. In fact I had not said anything to her. 

“I feel special too. With you. I want you too” I quickly answered To calm her. She relaxed for a bit.

I felt brave, and I could not contain myself. My hand went through her hair. Her long, soft, hair. She was with me. She was all I wanted.

She grabbed me up. We started kissing. An experienced kisser. She walked me backwards to her bed, pushing me back on her bed. I let out a breath, i did not knew I was holding. Before my eyes she pulled her shirt of. I could not believe my eyes. Her red beha… was…. impressive.
She was so beautiful. I felt a bit ashamed about my body now.
 “Take your shirt off” I obeyed. My beha appeared. Veronica didn’t look at my eyes anymore… She hugged me. Her hands went behind my back… She kissed my neck. Slowly. Gently. Passionately.  
She went over my back down to my ass. 
No one ever touched me this way. I knew it was no good to do this. But I did want it so badly.

"Good girl" Veronica whispered in my ear. It gave me goosebumps. 'Take of your sneakers" 
I obeyed again. It turned me on. She was so… bossy. I have never been this wet before. 
I feel ashamed for my thoughts, but at the same time I wanna… 

"Mary?" Veronica looked at me. "Have you ever… done this… you know...before?"

I wanted to look as brave as her. I did not want to look inexperienced. I wanted to say: "Yes I have." But that felt wrong. I wanted to be honest with her.

"No I haven't….. done this before" stammering. Excited and a bit shy. 

"Mary, do you want me to…. do you want to do this?" Veronica asked nicely. 'It is okay if you don't want it. I would understand. I don't want to force you"

"Yes, Veronica. I want it. All off this. I want you" I said with confidence. And I slipped down my pants to show her I meant it. 
I felt vulnerable, sitting on her bed, in just my underwear.
“I want you" I repeated. 

Veronica reacted to this confession with a slow kiss. 

Chapter Six

She pushed me down on the bed. Her hands pushed mine down. I was feeling… small. But yet, somewhere deep down. I knew she would be carefull with me. I trusted her.

---
Veronica POV

Fuck as she laid there, it was so hard to take things slow. I wanted to spank her, turn those cheeks red. With her moaning every time my hand would hit her. And then after i would have kissed her. I really did want to spank her. Fuck. I don't know if she would take that well. What if she would panic. Reminding myself she never even did this before, I decided to take it slow. It was hard for me.
My hands run down her chest. Caressing her breast. She let out little moans as she closed her eyes. Fuck she was so beautiful. Innocent. I wanted her. My hand went to her stomach. Lower and lower. Lower and lower.

Fuck she is so wet. It drove me fucking insane. Dammit. I need to feel her. I want her. 

---
Mary POV 

I was nervous. But with every touch I forgot my fears a bit more. Veronica moaned. That sound… I wanted to hear it again.
Her hands went down my body.
I moaned. I wanted her to touch me. Deeper. More. I surrendered myself to her.
“Go on….. Please” I whispered with a small voice.
----
Veronica POV

When she whispered underneath her breath that she wanted me. I could not contain myself any longer. I hold her tightly in my grip. Slow kisses. My touches were less slow. My fingers sliding between her legs.  Her moaning my name, dammit. Veronica you need to concentrate. Be careful. It is her first time. Her moaning is soft. Too soft. 
I want to drive her crazy. I can’t remember the last time I wanted someone so badly. I look at her. 
“You are so beautiful” I say, as one of my fingers slide into her. I press my mouth against hers. My other hand moves to her breasts.  I squeezed her breast softly. I almost did it harder. But I didn’t know if she wanted that. I don’t know if I am going to fast for her? I doubted myself, I never do. So this is new. But it felt so right, her breasts in my hands, her lips onto mine. I just went with the flow. And now the flow wanted me to spank her breast. So I did. Softly. Her reaction was loud moan. She looked surprised. But extremely content with what I just did to her. “Everything okay?”  I asked concerned. 

------

Mary POV

Damn. Veronica slapped me. And weird enough, it felt good. It felt really good. Why did she just slapped me? I wondered. Not that I complained. And the slapping, why would I like it?
Is there something wrong with me? She looked concerned. She is so caring for me. And hard to me at the same time. It made me even wetter than I already was. Her finger felt so good. I never felt like this before.  It was like… I wanted her to slap me again. I don’t know why, but I really wanted her fingers faster.
“Please do that again…. Please Veronica” I muttered out.

---

Veronica POV

I could not believe what I heard. I thought she would get upset, or be confused. But now she begged me to do it again. I only had so much self control. I wanted to and she keeps begging me. So I slapped her breast again.
“Please do” She moaned. I stop moving my fingers inside her, and kissed her. She looked at me disappointed. I looked into her eyes. “Are you sure, Mary? I need to know before I continue” 
She nodded.

---

Mary POV

I wanted her. Badly. 
She pressed her finger into me again and I moaned. She slapped my breast again. 
“Listen to me, Mary” She whispered in my ear. “I like it rough. I want to make you moan my name. Over and over again. But I don’t know. I think…. I don’t know… If you can handle that.” 

“I can.” I answered her before I could think about it. With that words she pressed another finger inside of me. My pulse sped up. 

“If you want me to stop… tell me please.” She brings her other hand to my ass this time. Her fingers slide in and out of me for the first time. My back arches. I never felt like this before.  “Your body reacts so well to my touch. You are so fucking wet.” She moans in my ear. I never liked cursing or dirty words. But when she said those things to me. I just moaned again. She slit her fingers out of me. “Fuck Mary, you drive me insane.”
With those words she turns me around. Lying on my stomach now, wondering what is going to happen...

----

Veronica POV

Fuck. I can’t. I need to. Fuck. She is so innocent and it drives me wild. I can’t stop anymore. Not now. How she lies here, in front of me. Naked with her ass out. Fuck. Fuck. Veronica, you need to stay gentle. You need to be carefull. You can’t hurt her. 

I let my fingers slide into her again. She moans louder now. Fuck, she drives me to.
I spank her, Fuck. My hand moved down her ass before I knew it. 

She groans and moves her hips. Moving up and down my fingers. Fuck. She is less innocent than I thought, she wants it. She wants to be spanked. I’m surprised, but in a good way. 
“Mary, still okay?” I slit my fingers deep into her again. 

“Veronica” she moans “Please, do. It. again. I need you. I want this. Harder”

----

Mary POV

Dammit, I never knew something so dirty could feel so good. 
She slapped me again and I moaned. Could not control myself any longer.
Her fingers sliding in and out of me, faster, harder. Dammit, dammit. I feel a pressure forming in my stomach. I never felt something like this before. My breath becomes unsteady. 
“Cum for me, Mary. I know you want to” Veronica slowly whispers. And that sends me over the edge. "Fuck" I whispered

---
Veronica POV

I heard her breath go faster and faster. She was shaking a bit. It was really erotic to watch how she closed her eyes. I heard a cuss word. I did not expect that from her. She was so… well I never heard her curse before. Her blue-green eyes looked different. Like she was somewhere else. In her own world. 

I felt really good about myself that I could do this. For her. To her. 

----
Mary POV

I tried to get my breathing under my control again. Opened my eyes and saw Veronica laying next to me. This had been… well, a lot. I looked at Veronica. 

"This was…"  I stammered. Not knowing where I wanted to go with this sentence. 

"Amazing" Veronica answered for me.

I just nodded again. Veronica moved towards me and put her arms around me. I closed my eyes and smiled. 

Chapter Seven
We were laying there. It was already getting late. We enjoyed each other's company.

I went slowly through her beautiful blonde hair. Smiling. Happy, I was with her. 
There was a silence. But it was a good one. Thinking about what just happened. I started glowing red again. That really happened.
I hoped she was into it ofcourse. But that she really liked it. Unbelievable. 

She had one of the most beautiful smiles I’ve ever seen, I thought, whilst looking at her. 
Mary almost always smiles. She is a happy person, and it spreads onto me. Even when she is nervous, she smiles. 
I couldn't think of anything to talk about. I hope she thinks that's she really special for me… Because she is. When we were standing in the elevator after our kiss…. And Alex came in. She was smiling a lot, also blushing. Alex knew immediately  what was going on.  Fucking Alex. With his stupid remark. It was harsh to say that to Mary. He made it sound like… I would use her. Why did he need to say that? Mary is different. I hope she isn't hurt… I hope she does not think that I’m using her. Cause I’m not. I had girls before, girls I only wanted to sleep with. Dominate them. But Mary is not like that. 
------
Mary POV 

Wow. That was.... That was something I have always wanted. I never knew I wanted it though, because I never thought about it happening, until it did. I never even touched myself before. 
It's crazy how everything just happened. Veronica is really something else. She is really special. Maybe I should just say that to her. But maybe it is too soon to say . 
But… cuddling, talking about feelings, flirting with… a girl. It was new to me. 
I suddenly felt really insecure about myself. Veronica has so much experience. She touched me. I didn't even do anything for her. I felt guilty. Not only to Veronica, but to God as well. 
Guilty to God for what I did. I know it is wrong what I’m doing. I know it is wrong to feel this way. I know.
But for Veronica…. Because of Veronica… I don’t care that much anymore,

I should say tell her that's she's special to me.
I will say that to her,
I must
I must be brave
I must be daring
Like Veronica.
I told her.
She blushed.

-----
Veronica POV 

Mary whispered something. At first I could not make out the words. But then I understood, she told me, I was special for her. I was flattered, me being the only one who touched, the only girl she has been with. But I was not used to this. To people caring so much. And as she was staring with those big eyes… Her blonde hair all messy. She looked like an angel. I couldn't react, I wanted to! I wanted to say it back, I really did.  But that felt not genuine, if I said too… it would be like I was agreeing with her. Instead of saying that I went with my hands through her hair. She seemed to like that the most. She almost purred like a cat. It was adorable. 

Then it hit me how strange it was, her first time. I spanked her during her first time… Maybe we should… talk about it. Did she really like it? Or did she pretend, just for me? Curious to find what she wanted, what she liked. I asked her. ¨Mary, What did you like the most?¨ I wanted to please her so bad.  

¨The nicest thing was that I trusted you. I was feeling small but safe...¨ She said full of warmth. Her eyes had some kind of sparkle in it. Misschief, maybe,

I looked into her eyes. I loved those eyes. ¨I really want you to feel safe, Trust is important to me. ´


------
Mary POV

I feel safe with Veronica, for some reason. Still there is something bothering me.  I still wonder why? Why do I like this? Whats wrong with me?

¨Veronica…. Can I ask you something?¨ I said slowly,. ¨Of course” She responded. “You may ask me anything”
I blushed way too obvious. She grinned when she saw me blush ¨Why- Why-do I like this?¨ I looked down. “You know. The spanking. I really enjoyed it…. But ain't that… weird?”

She fell silent. I saw she was thinking about my question but could not find an answer.

¨A long time ago. At age 16,. I experienced the same as you are now. I kinda did the same things we just did.´ She confessed to me. I looked at her. Veronica at 16. Hard to imagine. Veronica kept talking:.¨ But with her I was in the role of submissive. The role you have now experienced. And same as you. I also didn't knew what was happening. In short, it was a surprise from me.” She said with a smile, a naughty smile. I loved those .”She was quite bossy for me. She paused for a second. "I was scared. It was new for me. I wanted to follow her instructions. And I just obeyed. It just felt right. It was because it felt safe, like I had a purpose. I was her possession. And aside that being put in your place can be quite… hot.´
She said with a grin.¨Can´t tell you how, or why I felt that. It just felt that way. It felt good.  So I get you, I really do. But let me tell you. There is nothing wrong with it, there is nothing wrong with you. It's normal." 
After seeing my expression, she laughed and said: "It is. actually lot of people enjoy it¨ 
Her story took me by surprise. Didn't expect that she used to be the submissive. 
That she had some experience and that she didn't judge me…. Helped. A little bit. But it made me insecure as well.
I looked at her. “Thank you, for telling me that. So it's completely normal and more people do it?” 
‘’Yes it’s normal. You are normal… well not normal to me. You are special to me, you really are. But it's normal to like this sort of things, there is a whole community about it.’ She said as she moved her hand through my hair.

She helped a bit. Bit still… I was questioning  myself about things, why this was fun for me for example. It was so wrong, but so right at the same time. It was confusing.
My mind quickly corrected itself and thought about how I better could enjoy this moment. And then just worry about it later. Relaxing bit. I moved towards her. Into her arms.

We snuggled together. I was the little spoon, Veronica's warm body around me. Satisfied, I fell asleep.







Chapter Eight 
A loud alarm was blaring through the room. Confusing hit me. Then I remembered where I was. I saw Veronica, she was looking for the snooze button on her phone. It took way too long but eventually she found it. Finally.Iuiui smiled at her, when she laid down next to me again. Veronica looked at me, went with her soft hands through my blonde hair. I probably looked like a mess. I kissed her. She pressed her body against mine. Our bodies pressed against each other did something to me…

Her eyes were beautiful. They looked right through me. 


-----

We were walking out of the apartment. Thinking about what all happened in that room. I can't stop thinking about it. Thinking about how beautiful Veronica looked. What she did. How I liked it. Unbelievable. 

She pressed the button for the elevator. Gave her my best smile. Hand in hand we walked in the elevator. We just stood there. Enjoying this moment. It was nice that we could hold hands here. Not being afraid my parents would find out because they never came here. Like never. I was forbidden to go here when I was younger. They would hate it if they found out what I did. I felt guilty. But I could not stop myself anymore. I fell for Veronica. I fell hard.

We stepped on her bike, this time it was less scary as before. But this time… I disliked the ride more. The only reason I disliked it, was because it meant this were the last few minutes I would spend with her. Going back to my old life now, not knowing when I would see her again. 

As we drove closer and closer to the library I started to recognize the parts of town I went too often. Hanged out with James too many times. Fun memories were made there.

She dropped me off at the library. Kissed me goodbye. And she drove off.

I stood there alone. It was cold. I suddenly felt alone, Missed Veronica already.. She was like a light in a dark room. Lighting up everything.

James should be here right now… We were going to ‘study’ in the library, 

Then I saw a silly looking guy bicycling towards me. Wait. No. I corrected myself. He was racing towards me, shit, he almost hit me. James is such a dumb idiot. His brakes squeezed when he stopped abruptly by my side.  “Sorry I am late! I overslept and…" He suddenly stopped talking. "Does not matter, tell me about your date! How was it???” 

That’s James. I know James too well. He is chaotic. But also very caring. We went into the library and found ourselves a booth. We sat down and set up our books. But let's be honest... the books were just a facade.
“So where did you go?’’ He asked nicely, calm. “Room 505” I said and winked. He laughed. I normally don't tell people much about things I did. But to be honest, I needed to tell it to someone, and James would never judge me.

“So what happened there?” He winked at me this time. He knew what happened. He just knew. I wanted to slap him for 

“Well we did something…..But... I don’t really want to talk about the details ” 

James looked way too curious at me
 
"You are gonna laugh at me James"

"Mary" He looked me straight in the eyes.

"I've known you since I was five... You really think I would do that?"

He was right

I slowly opened up. I told him about almost everything. The bike ride. Her cat. 

He did not seem impressed by the motorbike but the cat did it for him. “She had a cat? You always wanted that. She is really perfect isn’t she?”

I grinned, fell quiet. And then told him... "stuff happened." ‘Stuff’ he responded. And smiled.

Whilst blushing I told about what happened in detail.Too much detail… he started to smile even more.

"Damn girl." He said too loudly "I'm sort of jealous"

I looked at him "JAMES" 

He grinned but his grin faded away when he suddenly looked at me with a more serious look in his eyes. "Can I ask you something, Mary?"

I just nodded.

"Well… are you gay? Bisexual? And what about your folks?"

James never did this stuff before…. He kissed girls. Yes. But he has never done “stuff”
I taunt him everyday with that. He hates me for that.

"I don't know what I am." I admitted
 I became nervous only by the thought of telling my parents. So I changed the subject. “You should be jealous. She is so pretty” My face was redder than I wanted too admit.

“And and she was nice… She cared for me. She really did” I stammered. She someone that cares. Or at least she it felt that way….. “There was some dude that made it sound like that i was just another fling for her…”

James turned his head. Thought for a second. Started talking “He was probably just joking Mary, When are you seeing her again? You should just ask her. Don’t worry”
When was I seeing her again? Should just text her..

“‘I want to talk too her about it, But how James?.. But how”

Questioning about how I should bring it up to her. A bit afraid for the answer. A bit afraid to ask her.

“Just talk about it, she was probably also not too pumped that he said that….” James said while scratching his head.

“Just talk about it?? You clearly don’t know how afraid for the answer I am…” I said a bit annoyed. He doesn't know how to talk to girls. ‘Subtle’ is not in his dictionary. 

I should know that. I know him too long for me to forget that.

"but hey do you remember how awkward you were the first day I met you" James said jokingly and honestly I didn't know if he was teasing me or not. But my mind immediately went to the day I should have met him. 

*several years earlier*

I remember stepping in a small room. My parents waving goodbye. I was excited but also bored. They said it was for God. I did it for them. 

We sad down, 2 men just stood there before the 'classroom'. They said an opening word. Pretty standard stuff. I didn't pay attention at. I was caught of guard when they began praying. We followed their prayer. I did not understand any of it. I just sat there with my eyes closed and started mouthing some words. "In the Name of God: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. Amen"  It felt like I woke up after a good night of sleep hearing that "Amen". 

They gave us our first assessment. Or as they called it 'Your first step towards God'. 

It sounded like something I wouldn't enjoy but too my great relief it was practically just a little craftwork. Fun! 

I was put in a group with David. Oh David they put him in the spotlights. They did it with me too. We had 'holy names'. We were somehow their favorites. I mostly enjoyed the extra attention off that. But you gotta know David that I did not enjoy this. David was put in not so nice words 'a prick'. 

The day ended. It was nice for how long it was nice.. He commented on everything I did. It was not fun. My parents were angry at me for not liking it. I remember it very vividly. 

Next week there was gonna be new kid. They said. 

Next week. The week I met James. 


Chapter Nine

I walked into the class hoping the groups would be different this time. Not with David again. I was hoping, I told mom i enjoyed. Told them what they wanted to hear. Like I always did. I always had the urge to make my parents happy. This time it became harder to lie to them.
I hated it. I hated the holy spirit. The father. The son.
I could not tell that to them. They would hate me. And god would punish me. Like my parents always told me

A couple of steps into the room I saw David standing over at the only table with one place free. Not again. Not him.

I haven’t noticed there was a new boy here, he was not the one too stand out. Quite quiet.
He really was trying not to get noticed, which was quite ironic because he was the tallest kid in the class. Despite his length he was shy and nervously looking around.
They almost started, i sat down and also claimed the seat next to me.David shouldn't and couldn’t claim that seat. Not again. I looked as David turned away from table. I won. 
A few seconds later the new kid was the last one standing. Feeling pity for him. Removed my backpack from the last empty chair and signalet too him he could sit next to me. He looked relieved.

He sat next down to me and said nothing. He didn’t even introduce himself.
With my shyness doing that myself out of nothing also was too hard. So we sat there. In silence. The class started, they started with the worst scenario ever. Introducing Round.

He was forced to start. The poor kid was called James apparently.

It was clear he was uncomfortable. I gave him a small smile. Somehow it comforted him.
My turn came as I was nervously sitting next to him, stuttering my name. But gladly the moment was over quickly. He smiled at me. It was a kind smile. I knew in that moment, we would match. 
He would be an important person in my life.

As it turned out he would be, very important. 
I saw him thinking about it, how to approach my ‘problem’ with talking to Veronica. He tried to help. He really did try to help me. He always did. But James was almost as inexperienced as me, so his helping was clumsy. He tried to help me by making me think. So he always asked me questions. Like he was doing now.

“Hey Mary. You know, I have a crazy idea. What if you would, you know just message her about a new date? Instead of waiting like a wuss” 

He caught me off guard as he suggested that. Meeting her was… I don’t know. It always feels amazing when I around her. I think she likes it too.
But I am also scared. Scared of so many things. My parents, what would they say? What would they think?
Her history, everything. 

“Why are you so afraid? Just enjoy your time with her”

Well maybe he is right, I should text her. 

James took my phone, with to the text with Veronica. He started typing.

“James stop, no”

“And send. You’re meeting her tomorrow at 7 o'clock at library” He said with a grin.

What he didn’t knew was that I could not make that time, but now rescheduling was not an option because she already replied that was exactly the time that suited her. So I had too. 

And as always James got me in trouble, I am sure his intent was good but now this is a bother.

“James do you know what you have done….” I just went silent and my eyes told a 1000 words as I imagined the hoops I would have to jump through for my parents. 
After a few seconds I grabbed myself together, thanked James for his very useful help. And left.

Put on my jacket and started walking towards home, every step I became more worried of what stunts I would have to pull to be on time tomorrow. It was just impossible.

After walking about 200 meters he cycled right behind me, he stopped near me. 
He picked me up and brought me home. We didn’t talk. I had to pretend I was extremely angry with him.



Chapter Ten

I could not get Mary out of my head. 
All I thought about was her.
How she truly seemed cared about me, how I truly cared about her. Even though I didn’t even know her that well. We just clicked. 

We are gonna see each other tomorrow. Weirdly enough I felt a bit nervous. I usually never am. But somehow I was filled with joy, at the same time. Just because I realised I would speak to her. I will speak to her again. This thought kept repeating in my head. With the other girls I never really talked. We just did meaningless stuff. No one had the power to stick with me. To stay with me. To make me want her. 
I did not feel these sort of things since Jenna left me. And now I happened to feel it again. It scared me, I was afraid to lose again. To be hurt again. After Jenna left me…. I never was, who I used to be.

But Mary was different. I knew she was. She was different from the girls I usually met up with.
How she moved underneath me, with all her innocence. How she closed her eyes as she enjoyed my touch. How she enjoyed to be punished. 
For god’s sake. This girl would be the death of me.
And I had no choice to enjoy it while it happened. 

It was seven o clock, I waited outside the library. It was our spot. I offered to pick her up at home. She declined, I wondered why. Was she embarrassed of me? Maybe she was not out yet. I was feeling kinda insecure. Especially since she was late, she had never been late before. I did not like doubting about myself, I was not used to doing so.
Suddenly, a soft voice. 
"I'm so sorry"

I turned,




















